We have already sold 5 cars
There are still so many people queuing up.
How much did that cost?
I don't know exactly how much it is.
Have to ask 10 bucks
Accountant, please report to Mr. Xia.
Mr. Xia has just been on sale for two hours.
Sales are 430,000
Two hours and 430,000
Because someone is stocking up in large quantities.
The customer who buys the most
I bought a truckload of tally
It's incredible.
It is also a little snack packaged.
I didn't expect it to be so popular
Yiqiu didn't expect you to be a bad gambler
Really capable?
Zhuo Linlin
What should you call me?
What did we say?
What should you call me if you lose a bet?
Hey, don't push your luck, boy.
Ok then you are busy
If you are busy, I will take care of Xiaoyan.
You get out
I don't want to see you.
Wife
I really changed my mind
I made at least 1 million today
Earn 1 million day
Did you take him to gamble? I'm not gambling
Not betting on what else can make 1 million day
Can you have a truth in your mouth?
Don't let me look down on you again, okay?
Xiaoyan
Xiaoyan Xiaoshuang
Did he lie to you?
Don't be afraid, I'm scolding him.
What is this?
Yixiu spent two days helping me make a lot of money
These are the dividends I promised him
A total of 700,000